before we begin let me start by saying
never never i said in real life
will you see two single attractive
people who have to earn a living selling
their naughty bits
fall in love and come to this conclusion
during a spoiler alert
damn cat rescue mission
the stars of our movie today ah
my fair lady hannibal
and jeff the millionaire
our story begins with holly go lightly
drinking coffee and having breakfast at
tiffany's and yes people drink coffee
before there was a starbucks and before
the show
friends was on tv so we see very quickly
that holly is the type of girl who knows
that she's hot
and mooches money off of men by only
offering a single scoop
when they thinking they paid for a
double scoop only to bite into the damn
cone
and find that hollow don't you hate that
but somehow she's not
or a tease because she elegant ass
but this racist part where holly never
has her key and they use it to make fun
of a whole race of people
skip that into paul or as i like to call
him
paul the human ken doll the human can't
paul
he's moving into the building and we
learn he has something in common with
holly
he doesn't have a key so he buzzes holly
and a damn cat
and then this movie teases us by making
us think we're going to get to see some
titties
and we don't so she lets the ken paul in
and asks to use the phone
and then they have a long conversation
for half the movie which would never fly
in a modern movie because y'all's
attention spans ain't sh
ah the good old days of cinema when
movies actually have words in them
it starts with holly telling ken paul i
found his damn cat
but i ain't naming the damn cat because
i don't really want to own this damn cat
which is a metaphor for how i don't want
to be owned i just need somebody to take
care of me the way i take care of this
damn cat
then they talk about how holly likes
tiffany's until ken paul tells her it's
thursday
which happens to be the day holly is
supposed to visit sing-sing correctional
facility where she picks up a secret
message from sally tomato
and gets paid 100 a week to deliver the
message to him
did you notice how she entered the
bathroom as a tired little skinny stray
and comes out all
round so she whistles for a cab and it
rolls up and drops out
dis turd later that night holly is
flaking off another guy she mooched
money off of and sneaks out the window
to hide at paul's apartment
and guess what she finds out that paul
is none other
than a gigolo hot damn look at his split
he just so deadly
so after the woman leaves holly stumbles
in the room and is like i know you bear
naked but can i come in for a while i
need to get away from that douche
downstairs
and he says i guess then holly's like we
got something in common you know
we both screw people for money you're
nice you remind me of my brother
he's in the army his name is fred so
from now on your name is fred you dig
and then she says so what you're doing
when you ain't giving ladies pickle
tickles
and he says i'm a writer and holly says
where's the last time you wrote
and ken paul fred says today then
holly's like
live this type right ain't got no ribbon
in it then paul fred says
all right miss thank what you do for a
living and she's like
i much money off a man then i dump him
and he's like how's that working out for
you
and holly says well i'm doing it so i
can take care of my brother fred but no
matter how much money i make i'm always
broke ever
then she's like oh it's getting late i'm
laying in bed with your bad naked
but we just friends friend so i better
not catch no one eye snake creeping up
my leg
and paul's like woman i don't need that
skinny booty
plus you couldn't afford me no way then
holly starts having nightmares
and when paul fred asks her what's wrong
holly's like listen if we gonna be
friends you're gonna have to mind your
own damn business
and she leaves and paul just sit there
like
she must be on the rag so the next day
holly leaves paula notice says
sorry about the other night but shark
week is over so you should come to my
pot at night
and she buys him a ribbon so he can stop
writing again that night paul goes to
holly's party and the movie gives us an
example of every type of drunk
the oblivious drunk the needed drunk
and the mean drunk anyway at the party
holly meets a handsome brazilian man
named jose who is also a brazilian
but she flakes him off for a
multi-gazillionaire who looks like a
tubby eminem
and she walks off with the not so slim
shady some time passes and one day
paul's sugar mama shows up and says
these guys didn't stand outside of the
last few days now
bet you're bare naked to some damn body
watching us
probably hired by my limp husband so
paul lose him all the way out to a park
bench where he's like okay freako who
the hell is this
and cowboy mr bean says i'm holly's
husband fool
and her name ain't holly it's lula mae
and we got four
children she are you in noft from home
and i need you to tell that i stalked
all the way out here to the big potato
because i was
damn tired of sitting out in the sticks
by myself listening to my arteries hot
so paul tells him and hollis husband is
like girl you skinny as hell hit a
mcdonald's once in a while
well thanks paul if you need us we're
going to go in here and bone
paul paul bum something terrible
and don't bid at me about the skinny
jokes bit those who know know me and my
girl audrey got the same waist size
they've seen my feet so later holly
knocks on paul's window and is like
fred this will full out his damn mind
and his draws our marriage wasn't known
years ago but he need it
i need you to come to the train station
with us he ain't really a millionaire he
just played one on tv
and i can't flake him off alone so they
get to the train station
and she dumps his ass again and then
holly's like
well i'm depressed as hell let's hit the
teddy bear so they go to the teddy bear
and once again this movie teases us by
making us think we're going to get to
see some titties
but we don't you make me mad movie
anyway holly gets wasted so paul takes
her home where she tells him that she's
going to try to get that rich chub by
eminem eating eminem to marry her so she
can mooch his money
and paul's like dead dumb and holly's
like
sorry i don't take life advice from men
who sell women they twinkies
and that pisses paul off so he says fine
then
i hope you're drunk that's like yakking
into a toilet alone so a few days later
paul gets a check for some story he
wrote about holly and he knocks on
holly's door and says
m got hitched and i was just playing the
other night and she's like
oh me too i was just drunk as hell
barfed all throughout the next day
so paul says i just got money for
selling something they might
want to go on a date so they go on a
date and they go all over new york and
do a bunch of fun stuff
like looking at jewelry they can't buy
drawing books in public library books
and stealing stuff from a five and ten
shop you know
broke activities and if they go so well
when they get back they decide to get
jiggy with it
and paul gives it a fancy fred premium
package freo
charge the next day paul's cougar shows
up and paul says
hey i've got this cuter girl that i get
it on with now and i'm making money off
my books
so get and she says
here's a thousand dollars i own you
sucker and paul says
you can take that check and jam it up
your wrinkly depends wearing ass
and clean out the cobwebs while you're
down there and paul looks all over the
city for holly and finds her at the
library
and he says why are you fronting you
don't read and she says
guess what i'm marrying that rich jose
guy from the party a few weeks back
and paul says what the and paul storms
off and holly just sit there like
he must be on the rag then one day paul
is taking out his trash when jose calls
him into holly's apartment because she's
acting nuttier than squirrel
and paul calms it down and finds out
that she just got a telegram from the
army that her brother fred bit the big
bazooka
a few weeks later holly invites paul to
spend her last day in new york with her
because she's going to rio with jose but
when they get back the popo
grabs them remember that mobster named
tomato well turns out that holly was
unintentionally relaying orders to the
mob by telling the jailed mobster's
lawyer what the mobster said about the
weather every thursday
but i have to say that this is a kick
thing to sneak into a romance movie
anyway holly spends like one day in jail
because paul calls holly's hollywood
friend to pay a bail
it's some guy played by arbo gas that i
should have introduced back during the
party scene
but didn't feel like it eat me when
holly gets out paul says
i brought your damn cat and jose sent
you a letter and the letter reads
they're holly my family's political
image is important and you got arrested
so now you're dead to me hugs and kisses
jose
so what does she do she gets mad at paul
and she says
i don't know why he brought this damn
cat i don't want this damn cat get out
your damn cat
and the damn cat just sit in the rain
like they must be on the rag
and paul says you love that damn cat
drive a pullover
i'm gonna find that damn cat and then he
says you know what your problem is
you're afraid of love and you're taking
it out on your damn cat so then she
realizes she's being dumb
and get us to look for the damn cat so
they look for the damn cat
but they can't find the damn cat then
she finally finds the damn
cat and finding the damn cat is supposed
to serve as a metaphor that she's found
herself
i think then she and paul kiss and they
live happily ever after with the damn
cat
but if this was the book paul would have
helped to flee to brazil and what would
he later see in somebody else's window
the damn cat that's satisf
god what wait what
damn that's sad damn and
join me in thinking these muffins for
keeping you in good supply by donating
to this channel month after month
be sure to like share and subscribe for
your regular drink of myth
you're gonna need to get through this
trying time because as dustin hoffman so
accurately stay at once
we're in deep [ __ ] [ __ ] for movies
explained for
i'm jeb not the millionaire dyer
ah